doc: add doc over how to contribute and test the deploy of binaries #2747 (#2814)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: website/content/en/docs/contribution-guidelines/developer-guide.md

Each time a Pull request is merged, a new image is built and pushed to the `quay.io/operator-framework` repository. This is done by the Travis deploy stage, which is configured in our [.travis.yml][travis].

See that the images are built with different architectures from master as it is also done in the release process. See in the release Tab of the operator-sdk repository, that each version has different architectures as well for each supported operator type such as Helm and Ansible for example. 

In the release process, the script [.release.sh][release-sh] is executed and it will call the [makefile][makefile] target [make release](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/master/Makefile#L113) which will call the same targets which are used by the Travis in the master CI job to build these images. To know more about the release process, see the [doc][release-doc].

## How to test the build of operator-sdk images

If you are looking for to contribute to it, then you will need to ensure that the changes made in your Pull Request will also be executed successfully in the `Deploy` stage which, as described above, will just be trigged from the master branch.

> So, you will need to enable the Travis in your fork repository and perform a few configurations to allow it to be executed and check it. Following the steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable the Travis in your fork repository
```
Also please add a link to travis docs here.

> - Create image repos in quay (or another registry that supports multi-arch images) for ansible, helm, and scorecard proxy. For each image type, you need repos for the manifest list and one for each architecture (e.g. `ansible-operator`, `ansible-operator-amd64`, `ansible-operator-s390x`, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create image repos in quay (or another registry that supports multi-arch images) for ansible, helm, and scorecard proxy. For each image type, you need repos for the manifest list and one for each architecture (e.g. `ansible-operator`, `ansible-operator-amd64`, `ansible-operator-s390x`, etc.) Be sure to make each repository public.
```

- Set the following environment variables in the Travis settings for your fork:

    - `ANSIBLE_IMAGE` docker image name (e.g. `quay.io/joelanford/ansible-operator`)
    - `HELM_IMAGE` same as above, but for helm
    - `SCORECARD_PROXY_IMAGE` same as above, but for scorecard proxy
    - `DOCKER_USERNAME` credentials for your repo
    - `DOCKER_PASSWORD` credentials for your repo
    - `DOCKER_CLI_EXPERIMENTAL`  set to `enabled` 
    - `COVERALLS_TOKEN`  token to integrate the project with `https://coveralls.io/`. So, enable your fork in and generate a token to allow it. 

> - Make a commit with `[travis deploy]` in the commit message on the branch with the aarch64 changes.

Reviewer: Is this only if the branch has aarch64 changes, or any branch that we want to test the travis deploy?

Author: the aarch64 should not be in. Good spot.

**NOTE** Note that for it is required to install `golangci-lint` locally. For more info see its [doc](https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint#install)

## How the operator-sdk images are built

Each time a Pull request is merged, a new image is built and pushed to the `quay.io/operator-framework` repository. This is done by the Travis deploy stage, which is configured in our [.travis.yml][travis].

Each build creates assets of each operator type for multiple architectures. See [operator-sdk releases](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/releases).

In the release process, the script [.release.sh][release-sh] is executed and it will call the [makefile][makefile] target [make release](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/master/Makefile#L113) which will call the same targets which are used by the Travis in the master CI job to build these images. To know more about the release process, see the [doc][release-doc].

## How to test the build of operator-sdk images

> If your contribution alters a base image or build process, follow these steps to execute the Travis `Deploy` stage against your branch to demonstrate that the merge build will complete as expected.

Reviewer: Duplicate.

COPY helm-charts/ ${HOME}/helm-charts/
```  

> ## How the operator-sdk images are built?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How the operator-sdk images are built
```

> In the Deploy stage configured in the [.travis.yml ][travis], the images are built and pushed to the `quay.io/operator-framework` repository. This stage is just executed against the master branch when a Pull Request is merged. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each time a Pull request is merged, a new image is built and pushed to the `quay.io/operator-framework` repository. This is done by the Travis deploy stage, which is configured in our [.travis.yml][travis].
```

> See that the images are built with different architectures from master as it is also done in the release process. See in the release Tab that each version has different architectures as well for each supported operator type such as Helm and Ansible for example. 

Reviewer: This paragraph needs more context. The release Tab of what?

In the release process, the script [.release.sh][release-sh] is executed and it will call the [makefile][makefile] target [make release](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/master/Makefile#L113) which will call the same targets which are used by the Travis in the master CI job to build these images. To know more about the release process, see the [doc][release-doc].

> ## How to test the built of operator-sdk images? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to test the build of operator-sdk images
```

> If you are looking for to contribute to it, then you will need to ensure that the changes made in your Pull Request will also be executed successfully in the `Deploy` stage which, as described above, will just be trigged from the master branch.

Reviewer: If you are looking to contribute to "it".

What types of changes need this extra step? Anything that changes the base image? Or anything that changes the automation?

Author: Any change that requires test the build of an operator-sdk image. E.g new type, changes in the process and etc .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your contribution alters a base image or build process, follow these steps to execute the Travis `Deploy` stage against your branch to demonstrate that the merge build will complete as expected.
```

So, you will need to enable the Travis in your fork repository and perform a few configurations to allow it to be executed and check it. Following the steps. 

- Create image repos in quay (or another registry that supports multi-arch images) for ansible, helm, and scorecard proxy. For each image type, you need repos for the manifest list and one for each architecture (e.g. `ansible-operator`, `ansible-operator-amd64`, `ansible-operator-s390x`, etc.)
- Set the following environment variables in the Travis settings for your fork:

    - `ANSIBLE_IMAGE` docker image name (e.g. `quay.io/joelanford/ansible-operator`)
    - `HELM_IMAGE` same as above, but for helm
    - `SCORECARD_PROXY_IMAGE` same as above, but for scorecard proxy
    - `DOCKER_USERNAME` credentials for your repo
    - `DOCKER_PASSWORD` credentials for your repo
    - `DOCKER_CLI_EXPERIMENTAL`  set to `enabled` 

>     - `COVERALLS_TOKEN`  token to integrate the project with `https://coveralls.io/`. So, enable your fork in and generate a token to allow it. 

Reviewer: enable your fork in Travis? Or coveralls?

Reviewer: Since this is a list of steps, move "enable your fork in coveralls" to its own step

[kubectl-tool]:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/
[sdk-readme]: https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/master/README.md
[running-the-tests]: ../testing/running-the-tests

> [travis]:../../.travis.yml 

Reviewer: These links don't work in the website.

[release-sh]: https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/blob/master/release.sh

> [release-doc]:release.md

Reviewer: This link doesn't work
